[Music]
for me
[Applause]
[Music]
and
[Music] [Music]
and [Music] [Applause] [Music] and
in my mind
[Music] and [Music] and
[Music] and [Music] and [Music] wine [Music
]
and
[Music]
well [Music] [Music] [Music]
end [Music] [Music] [
Applause] ah [Music] ah
[Music] ah [Music] [
Music]
it's as simple as saying do it at
another time or see if I can do it
another time now I don't know or go out I don't think that's
true either but I don't  I know
then why is it like that I do
n't understand
Javi has a lot more stamina they have
n't had to say something really big because it's
okay because they told him hey
they're making a space and they're
saying that you're a fake Javi you're not going to
get in here like so traue
because that law is passed through the lining
of the balls speaking badly and soon
I'm a little more they have
n't had to say something big to
leave belly against because it's that it has
been between
and said and down Javi just went up
and suddenly I see that he's talking
otherwise the time to hear anything and
this is still not for the people that he's
going to put it then for everyone it ca
n't be heard
Javi I greet you from here thanks
kisses here this is putting us
live on his channel for 15 minutes to who
right now to you and right now to me what is he
talking about really that I
love because from here to Hollywood but
I really appreciate the brutal like this
allows you to deliver he's putting
the space live on his channel but
put it from the beginning so that
people see the truth yes
yes
the destruction that you  they agree that
those pieces are or not with the
infected he will have
been criticized but with respect
I at least this one from the beginning and not
insult serious and affable
because I do not like to
insult myself either there has
been some there has been some come on just in case let
the others speak and nothing and
calm down everyone and this does not close and
for god
tomorrow here is
a space on twitter there is
another perspective tomorrow I do not know if they are
haters followers I do not know if they
were followers and then for the antonio avis they have returned hater because I have also heard them insult antonia and sap lamentable lamentable and lamentable and lamentable there was one who said that your last video get interested or wouldn't even Bernarda see it well in 8 now almost almost 30,000 on television to the ceo what happens get
interested or I'm going to what was said be from
bigger writers he tries to
get in because of the visits 20 million
visits almost this mg is heard below
is heard below
[Music]
today they are today today it is mixed up mixed up it
turns out that I have entered a space
okay
while I was at it is that  then I
regret falling for these
people god I really regret it but
but I can't you know I can't
bite my tongue
the beginnings lit a fire man
late and here I am going to put some
chill music in the background
today
the people are in the ladies pissed off
okay I think in part what happens
the camera has to not move the whole
[ __ ] live moving but have you
seen the live before
and it's not the camera it's that I have a [ __ ]
moment now it's very low
definitely I think that it's
also what happens a lot of times or there are some
people who have very little
shame
or there are some people who have very little
shame in their face very hard
and there are others also who don't speak another language to us
advantage thank you very much
but I think that there are more people who have
[Music]
javi you
always have to relativize don't forget to
relativize what you mean by that we're
going to see you I understand what
but it can't be I think it's a matter of
little shame I can't enter a
space or I'm going to tell what happened
because if not we're going to find out  it's
worthless javi it's not sad you have a lot you
have a lot like javi us that
you put everyone on the same level it has
been lamentable the chicken coop that you
have set up there I had entered two or
three nights in that space
today there were a lot of people take out the noa that
we are anonymous people we can say what we
want because we are anonymous people to
know
if you are participating in
twitter spaces that have more than 100 people
each night and that today
when they were
telling me stupid things they had more than 500 I don't know if you can tell me the amount but they had more than 500 people today they already had more viewers than some of our colleagues' channels and I accept criticism what I do not accept are lies because a lie that is repeated in Ramona over and over again
and I am not going to allow
a lie to be repeated many times for it to
become the truth they start saying
that I insult
that I insult my community when they do not
give me the reason and that is completely
false
and I have caught them they reached 568 of course of
course but I have caught them
live saying this  lie over and over
again and I brought up a lady and then I brought up
others if you're angry about Antonio de
video for what I'm saying and because it
hurts you that I'm exposing the truth
and still not showing the tip of the
iceberg and don't keep touching the balls
and pulling the tongue because I've seen
again that guy from the blue tide who
speaks through mouth Antonia vi and I know that he
speaks through mouth both in April because they
did it in front of me ok to say don't
take into account that I didn't manipulate that I have
seen how Antonio Avils asked that
they make peace the two yes Antonia
wines surnames we would always like the
raisins the two of us to get along
but because it was in their interest for him to
benefit himself for his fight to
believe he is the boss okay but don't keep
pulling my tongue because with all the
tip of the iceberg and when I go telling,
tell the bull there is no one who can
stop it, the bull there is no one who can stop it, I
am it, I do that I want it to be very
clear it is not  no threats either but
nothing, don't take me for, don't
take me for
good, you have already understood, I have not
insulted anyone here when I have not been
right, I have made the criticisms, the
granas, these are the lies if
here on some occasion it will be called
ramona it has been an agent that they are ramon to
ramn to whom ramona from that lady
from the other day that went viral for a
space where everyone enjoyed and
literally the people who were in that
space are ramon us and you are going to
listen to her then if you are going to put it now
sometimes she puts it now for everyone we
hear it from the beginning because they are
ramon as I have already
entered the space
and they were saying how I insulted
everyone in my live that I
dedicated to surfing there is the whole tailcoat no
such thing
and now I get involved I get involved and I spent
a [ __ ] hour asking her to
tell me a single insult
and they have told me
fanatics I think they have told me no stop
thank you very much heart
fanatics and ramona I think they are the two
insults it has taken me an hour asking
the insult  in fact me in my live what
insult and now all dodging me
no I have not said it then none of
us have not said that I insulted you we have said that we have
said that your lack
of respect what lack of respect here
when he came here a lack of
respect here in the chat some idea
some
and I sent it to the camera that lacks
respect to someone who comes here on offer
respect yes nonsense and sect it is
true if I always wanted it will be they have
told me in the space I have asked them
for an hour what insults have
I said to my audience because Sanz spends
an hour saying no it is that he insults the
people who give him money no I am not going to
allow it
and then the moderators of the space
lamentable lamentable lamentable
have silenced me I have it
recorded here on the screen every time
every time I let her cut I left them
man she is silencing every day until they
threw me out after an hour she has
left and I have not said an insult to them or
anything I told them they are Ramn as because they
are but yes it is the worst that when he
comes in or does not model anything no no no that there is no
love it is not that there is no moderation  it's that they have
disrespected me the most absolute
sha prosthesis I'm missing the clowns
a few I enjoy being an
idiot fool watching the speakers of the
space and enjoying me and the two
moderators paving me respect me too
and they never silenced anyone
and now I at the moment grateful but
well tell me an insult that I have said
but lady you are a ramona
residenciaba
daniele thank you very much I have
never felt insulted on
this channel it's that I have insulted if I
say that there is someone who is ramon as
when they start here to put things of
these disrespect because when I
call someone ramon they are the people who
insult
if you feel alluded to that was
a ramona I have not said that crisis
garcia rebeca meras and no no I have said
the ramonas and we talk about the ramona
because the ramonas are a reality they
exist there are older ladies who
like disrespect and you
enjoy they are very stupid talking
insulting they
exist here in the chat and we have read a
lot of that and fanatics also
exist they are a reality it's that  I don't
understand what you mean by being offended because I
say about fanatics look I'm going to read a
comment it's because I've been putting
screenshots on my twitter today I
came thank you very much
today on twitter I've been putting screenshots of
recording Areco
oh
look you
were the comment that they put on me in one in the
live this afternoon end of
comment Daniele thank you very much coming
to LATAM but yes I want to go
the
end of the comment that you put me as an
argument against what I've said and
okay
Antonio Davis is a hottie and like every
woman it's normal that we have him as
our platonic love you always
try to look like him indirectly you
copy his look hair clothes and the
way you give the news in everything haha
but Antonia Visual there is one even though it hurts
this is not a fanatic the
Justin Bieber one is less embarrassing
than you guys you don't care you don't
care or we don't care it's that they
have less like it's that I don't
give a damn what can you do
tonight 3000 of my channel is if you want I'm
always going to tell the truth  it
was you comment 7 your other what
javi says you started criticizing antonio
davis since he gave him his condolences downstairs
and now it turns out that you're talking to
juanjo now it's anton's turn and at the same time
thank you ma'am I've never met in my life
the truth thank you now tell me also that I was
born in the macarena hospital in 1985
thank you truly from the heart thank you for
the info
literally
bonnie translate first contrast with him I
don't think he'll do that it's not that I'm defending
anyone but it's that I don't know this one I
can't even translate okay but did you watch the
video the video that teles uploads to the seo
or rather did you watch the video that goes up 3 to 0 and
I'm not disrespecting anyone
and I'm not disrespecting
anyone I
'm saying that they are fanatics and that we
don't want fanatics here who
have to tonight 3000 see you later see you
later you're going to continue watching the
videos and you're going to come back on Wednesday this
Wednesday or next Wednesday
when Tonella comes out selling the
cover or Marta  you're going to come back you're going to come
back
life is above all that has
shown a lot of courage and that's called
coherence not everyone does it
rectify it is necessary even if you are not
here we do not see any lack of respect for anyone
here we see a lack of respect for anyone anyway what is it I'm
not going to put it because it takes
an hour you have to record it but it takes
an hour
I'm going to try to find a piece of what was at the
end for an incredible example or rather the
fact is that when I came in apart from
talking about me
apart from talking about me
putting myself like 200 rago they
were criticizing Marta Riesgo
okay
but it's not that they were criticizing
Marta left her as she criticized her no no no
no they called her scum a [ __ ] there
was a strong insult I have it I have it
recorded anything goes and it's like you are
some ramonas but look at the double standard
they can insult
everyone and they say when they put their face to it
when they put their face to the insults that
they were making to Marta Riesgo they
go and tell me
but it has to be [ __ ] that a
public figure
these chicks are the  that they are
throwing in their purest form totally also
involved in some profiles and some with
the banners of the PSOE and things like that it's
like forgive me
that we are public figures does not
mean that we can endure
defamation insults slander
in a space where there are 500 or 600
people and then you can criticize of
course you can criticize me all you
want as if you want to make a space
every night criticizing me
but enjoying myself
and lying the only thing that I own
was to ask them what insult have I
said to them some follower of me in my
live a [ __ ] now hits me and they have not
known how to answer a [ __ ] now look
silenced for time you will see you see below
the mute button like this every
moment
this what happens it records the screen of
not recording the sound of the iphone when you
record the screen not recording the sound yes
and this because it does not record it is
going to record sounds 10 I did
not like the sound
well it is on twitter search put javi
oliveira on twitter and put it in case we are
going to see it that I finish it and cut what
he uploaded we are going to see here it is expensive
or so we believe the same  no no but I
want you to I want you to listen to it
because it's been a joke I've
spent a [ __ ] hour a [ __ ] hour
asking the same question
asking what insult I
made I
mean when I entered this then I
regret entering it transports people to
this type of people you know but when I
entered they
sent me to the space in the group
since they have passed space they are
making us like we are a rag I got in
and I was putting and you're saying no because he
insults and insults his own people he insults
the people who give him money when he
hears that we
have to react let's see if it
ends
right now let's see if it ends we don't even
react and we upload them here because it's
incredible but what a double standard
disrespecting son ramn as
after him thank you very much sweetheart a huge kiss
son ramn as
ramn it's total but on top of that I get in and
when the moment starts then say I was I
said that you insulted me it's
no good but yes for free I have
the entire comment box of the sweet one of
be careful you can't delete it I hope they do
n't delete it because there  one that one
more has accused me of threats one
accuses me of threats and I'm going to see what
my lawyer tells me about this if I can
sue I'm going to see if I can
sue someone who has to be taken for
evil and bad blood there is a
grudge talking she takes me to my area she says
hey by the way she wants to send
and she explains she's a youtuber that I had a
problem with her in which she
sued me when I showed up as a witness in
a case that they have because they have to
hand over a dog that they don't
hand over it
's like the
only thing missing is for you to get the
vigilantes out on me I don't know if of course they must have
done this on google they
must have searched quickly to see what the
hell they could find
with such evil that you're crazy about and that same
chick started telling me that I
threatened her and I think that could have a
path to honor
because there was a lawsuit recently the
group was Antonio and it was very famous
Antonio Naranjo with Maximo Prado
look
Antonio Naranjo convicted attacked attacked
not threatened
attacked
well I don't know you can't send someone
because they say that  They're threatening him, let's
see, it
seems to me that he served
when you left there was a man who
treated you the worst and he did accuse you
of threats, he's the worst of all those I've
heard. The bad thing is that the chapel if there is a
lawsuit in the
[Music]
The bad thing is that the chapel is being sued is the
owner of the space because the cape but
apart from that, man,
the double standard, man, every
second, money and
silencing me,
every second, platt, the money
silencing me
whether you can sue for saying that I have
threatened or not
now
is that what I'm not going to consent to is
calm, slander, lies and
information, justice uncovers for what's
important, not for nonsense,
justice is there to have money to
allow you to file whatever lawsuits you want
and if I see that my lawyer tells me that he
has a track record, he's going to eat it, they're
going to eat it, it's the owner of the space
and those who have said it and there is one who or there are
some who have
allowed everything
Xavi, yes, you can report for threats.
I reported a kid for
death threats but it was another level  that said he was
going to stab me that's not your case
tears of happiness
report for threats no because they
said
that I threatened her
because I said that I threatened her she
understands me she
stops I spoke to Edurne she won't give me the
microphone please it's that if she doesn't join in
thank you continue improving a person
let's see it's not that I have
disappointed him and that is the use of that
word but I think that not even that
has deceived him directly he
has fallen again
this is the one I say on twitter jose 82
a photo
sorry sorry excuse me and muting
because I wanted to give Pepa the microphone sorry
to consult with her lawyer
if she comes to consult him and tomorrow she calls me
right now since we
don't know what path
to follow although it is
important for him and Oliveira in view of your
continuous
[Music]
is that not that using that word
continuously you have been saying that he
was recording us and that he was
recording us and that he was recording us and that
tonight you were going to do it live but you
are doing it and in addition they are
listening to me which I have my minute
so that I am delighted and I have
told you to stop  about threatening with jokes
yes I have said it and I repeat it because that was
what I was doing
one more for you I want here to ask that
pdte do me he is talking to me
not talking to javi that
his directors have positions there in the
background it seems to me 200
well
I have seven children [ __ ] edurne
but no but it's because he opens himself
and nothing more
than the deception that is felt there towards
asia or antonio david that is why he has
been talking about him outside of what
are live videos it's not
like if a friend or a known friend stabs
you and is two
stabs and is three stabs four
stabs in the back what happens is that you
realize that they are not friends or
even acquaintances and that they are not the
person that you think they are
Juan Hus listen to me fights and Jonas and
many fights but come on it pisses me off
with someone and then well we talked
and we made peace hello African
Juan Hus hello and Javi
start talking about x
reasons and they realize they realize that
Antonio David was telling one of them
one thing and the other another but it's not like
saying hey you're very pretty and you
too if not one talks badly about the
other and vice versa
what's going on between that and
Antonio David not doing
things the way the rest of us thought he was going to be
careful he's not talking about his
new partner without a new partner
I keep saying that it seems
abominable to me that in front of Metal he made the
so-called
abuse I find all this
media harassment abominable even to someone his family
like now it doesn't seem logical to me that
these girls are attacked Marta no because
each one is playing the role that they have to
play because those are also
their jobs
and they live off it like the miner lives off
getting into a mine and coming out bad at
or any other
job because they are jobs
that have been here then I'm going
to ask him
and I'm going to tell him why what happened happened
because Patrick's space is
true that it is always very very
clean it is a space where the comfortable
when the little pill and so on is that
we are  the users themselves, the ones who
say to finish since we have to
take the sleeping pill,
the ones who tell him about the
little pill, no, when he says that about Ramn,
the girl is Ramn, he's so
famous that he doesn't
work anymore now he does
all his live shows, he gives it a hard time
with irony and irony and you know it
well so that for the intelligent ones I
never feel like I'm
alluded to by the things that Xavi says,
in my 62 years I don't even feel well and I
feel old, on the contrary, he makes me say
incredible things every day and I take it with
fantastic pride, I mean, but because of my
menopause year I
want to tell you with this what a great irony
that they are bothered by what Ramn did to the
machine too, which for her it was like
insulting him even when speaking, I'm
going to comment,
I'm not a fan, I'm not a fan
of absolutely anyone, I entertain myself
in the spaces more than between here and
some others
and when I
work live music comes later
because I have time I don't put on the
earpiece it goes down you see that it's not to
say that it's not to say that they have gone into an
uproar because I came in  me and
all the [ __ ] has come out no no no no they
were super toxic I mean a
super super toxic chicken coop that's why they
beat me I don't bite my tongue I
go in they
were making me look like a [ __ ] rag
but with disrespect with lies and
with knowledge I said I'm going to go up I'm going to
cut them off because only no no there
was no need to insult them or say
anything just ask them what
were the insults that I made to the
people who pay me according to them because that's what they had
been saying all [ __ ] night that
I insulted people of
micha for
a [ __ ] hour they couldn't tell me anything
one told me that I called
my follower a dwarf
but nervous they don't know that if I have
said it I have said that your lack of
respect because man he calls us Ramn he
calls us Ramn love he me to you you tell me
Ramn sometimes
I only say to the one who behaves like
Ramona to that one who was called that there was
one who had started to mess with
Marta Riesgo it's as if I call a hater here
when people start messing with him
dallas don't get married I call people haters
chris you feel alluded to javi you
feel alluded to
and maybe you feel alluded to when I
say haters you don't feel alluded to rich
the critic the xerl in the other because they
know who I'm referring to because they know
that at the time of comments I'm
criticizing
but they have put themselves out there were things of
containment or gymnastics
doing mental gymnastics to continue
in their toxicity and in their poison because they
get into these types of spaces these types
of places to vent the hatred with
which they live and they need to insult wherever they
know how but you're not going to lie
to me because for me this has very little
history or rather it bores me to death
this this man for me I
repeat today he has been portrayed or since
now portrayed he says I hope that
pressure was on him to see what he portrays
looked good on him he has told him that neither what
he has warned nor I know how you know him
the people who know him have known you for a
long time or anything like this I already know right
to him what he had to  say has not
said anything what has left because they did
not leave much because the
truths do not like either now we will
see if they cut the hunger
on top of the good jm raya a kiss what do they
think because now at god level those who are
at god level are no longer
we are the common people and
what has left me because he did not let
the typical one speak
the typical ridiculous and pathetic excuse
what he did to Javi has been brutal no no they
have silenced me every moment every time I
gave them a cut or whatever
because they did not want the cane
until a stain
shameful sincerely what you think of
me as has already been said to him
comparable to toilet paper with the
calculation I have it in the toilet
the respectful one more to add
what you ask of me
with which I wipe my ass to say
that I am I have not told him anything similar
to anyone that I am a pan at any
time and a hypocrite I have already answered him
no hypocrite I am not if I am telling
you to your face what I think of you
you are a hypocrite and you need
people like me so that you eat it is a
bmw I don't need you to have the
Mercedes
[Laughs]
and I have all the TLC so that you
realize that in the end the pique to
call it in some way you
already put the car that he has already put
in the car that you have I already put in the
scooter that I have she says I
have a wonderful house with seven
rooms so that's not what it's about
here if it's about fixing and he
did it wrong coming in here upset
angry that I don't know why
because I haven't taken the space yet don't
worry and let's see the space
with them I called with the
commentary teams what you're doing that you're
also doing it with that irony
that characterizes you and that I
particularly
like although I don't like what you
're saying about the person not the one you're
referring to wouldn't it be more
healthier I say I healthier to
think
how good I don't know what you're saying I
knew now in the live now I'm going to
go over there and if I have to give him the
noise I'm going to give it to him
although I'm nobody to give it to him
footprint to javi because that one I saw in his house
does what he wants when he wants and how he
wants
[Music]
and the person who I am giving you
seconds does not feel like it, for example, he is
live and it seems fine to me that he complains,
that he protests, come on, of course, but
then he said that this one has been
cutting him off constantly and our
age
but valqui I recorded it because even if he does
n't have the sound you can see all the times
that he has cut me off pim pim Valentn what a
shame we are going to ration it if when it
ends the worst is that when it ends and we
can react we are going to
react if not today tomorrow but we are
going to react you are going to see the
chicken coop
look I am
not going to say who of course my
sources did not reveal the truth and he says hello
writing and he thought that it had been
recorded and a gun recorder
everything has been cut off he is waiting for you to
finish to play the recording this
is one of the private messages that they have
sent me now then he is waiting well it is that he is
already sad it is clear what
the intention is and it is that the
pp for real or rather the other option that I
have
says he
has my informants that of the  I
have space, my informants, but I don't reveal
my sources. They
just told me that he is live and
that he went to record but that he hasn't
recorded anything,
if he managed to, what you can't hear is the audio,
but well, I have the images of all the
times, pim pim pim, they silenced the
microphone a thousand times here, at this point, I was talking to
myself
because they were looking [ __ ]
ridiculous because they couldn't answer
a [ __ ] question, what insult have
I ever made here, to have ever been
able to insult someone, of
course, maybe you can get someone who
insults me and I answer the insult,
priest, but what they were
referring to, tell me an insult, the same thing as
this afternoon here, they don't know, absolutely not
one of them, they can't respond because they are
defaming and that's what they do out
there, defaming,
but instead of hard
Javier, it's Javi, people see you because they are
interested in what you think, it's the one who likes it,
stays, if not, they leave, as they say, it's your
house and you do what you want, totally, and I
will continue doing it always, always,
but let's see, I have grown in 7 years,
just like that, I was saying  some uncomfortable truth' they have
left one night a thousand but they return the
next week and the next one they are
seven thousand more 2000 - 22
in the end the trust and respect will be
like that with the truth okay with the truth
always familiar but no no
the debate is not very good it is very good they are
slandering defaming they have not been
informing them also on the subject of the
pill they made demagoguery pathetic voices
when brutal you are not worth it why didn't you go
to university I must feel
insulted brutal crazy and gone brutal with the
subject of the pill how badly
taken out that we say here that I have said
that I have sent people to
take a pill that does not
sound familiar to me it seems to me that sometimes
you have said it in the chat like
lady come on the sleeping pill
some ladies were saying
typical nonsense of those we are
commenting on because if you do not come here because of
lack of respect nothing of that is said to you
but I will not put my hand
in the fire from my mouth but I think I have not said it
is I do not remember but I think I have not  I
said it, I said it, let me know,
but I think I didn't say it and that
bet is a demagoguery of a pill.
I have a mental illness for
which I have to take a pill,
so it seems disrespectful to me.
Yes, I will not go through with it because it is a
pill. I have Chrome, I take
seven pills a day
and when I get a migraine I take two
pills too
and when I have diarrhea I also take
a pill to stop it.
People who take Viagra are very well.
I am ambitious. I came to the service,
Chrome arrived. I take 3 in the morning, 3, 38
hours with the nipple, but she gave me the other one
and the other
name,
but as if pills
were only for nursing, she titled gymnastics, the
demagoguery that they have grabbed from a
pill, something about the sleeping pill
to say that this is getting involved. Not with
mental illnesses, there
can be more demagoguery
and it seems very ugly to me everything that has
happened and I
[Music]
from 2018 until now did not sink me and abc
anita since everything  the time people enter your
video in your live and people get
upset because he publishes the
comments that people make but here we
are talking if we enter a channel we
put a public comment and they get
upset because they take a screenshot and
put it on the profile because they get
upset if that's what they want and they publish
something public because
the truth is that they get angry
because I published
comments here that were my most they make me on
twitter in the videos as if you are
publishing a public comment they make
no sense client understand the
world in another way they do not understand the
internet
in its irony or in its in
its way way I like I come and I
leave the same I was in space and they
were insulting him in you but they were
leaving what he entered I understand
within the ways that he had to
enter I entered in the perfect way
that he had to enter between the way that he
deserved and too much an insult with
this then in that same way as
sometimes one of us leaves we do
not measure the words for something
previous
too much
Alice of insulting and being inside I am
insulted we are going to react if
they end up
downloading what was  you can there
was a person who was classist that there
was a person who was classist with him
it's true they've told me that they've said
everything everything everything they've said
everything allow the moderators but do
you know what they've
not only allowed all the
insults that they've made me classist
everything everything not all Javier there were already
600 people of course not all of them because
the whole field of uploads but those that have been
uploading all have defamed
and were insulting and have insulted
me directly from coming to
Patrick's space I have listen nuggets thank you very much
darling always the best never
disappoints daughter has her life that before we
start with the sanse or the
kids
if you want I'll call you no that
insults us but we go in a
disgusting way but look at you how
the double standard has been they haven't
had the balls to say a single insult to me
that I have said and she they have
said at least 24 insults to me there
she also at least 24
insults let's stop it we're going  react if
not delete it
this jose says you have no education
sensitivities are not
allowed on social networks a
raincoat is the solution face crying
with laughter face crying with laughter don't give it
to honey you know that I am
criticized I like to enter places
where they are criticizing me
because sometimes only
my soul passes
and since I can't move my
tongue and I have to enter then I
regret giving it attention these people know
but
enormous gives the desire I don't care I treat
everyone the same I don't
consider myself famous nor do I consider myself more than
anything a girl and if there is a space here
with 200 300 people saying lies about me
inside I defend myself it hasn't
started they were saying that I
insulted the teacher sanz criticizing
with an 8 with a lot in cinema with a lot very
poisonous you know and they were saying that
in my live I
insulted the people who donate to me is that you
know that is what I have said
intervened in the space
and I have told him that they do not understand the irony
of
leaving enemies for what  little pill
but I said it about the pill or
have you said it? I laughed I'm going to
tell you literally the night of the game we
have said this 200,000 times in the
chats and I read it I don't know and
you already started from those saying the thing about
the little pill I have said about the
little pills of course about the little pill
we have told you in the chat
one pill one pill what I just
gave an example I take seven
bachelor a day because I have the chrome
and when you get vaccinated
but they have started saying that they have
acted like
mental illness I felt offended by the
mental illness he is a
male that's what I tell you
about total session transfer total it is called
silenced 28 times and they have not silenced
even once not a pull of the ears to all the
people who are more disrespectful but
also disrespectful to me is that
when
here I have said two things
yes well I don't know if I heard everything
but you can see it here in the live
later but what  total decision like not
only was I enjoying
myself but when I came in she was
making a suit for Marta risk and I
to
Marta of things the first one that criticizes her but listen to me one thing critical and another thing in which they were telling us chick me that they are how much of a qualifier always very knows very little feminist let's leave the jedi yes not even in a
super but very contemptuous very
disrespectful way sometimes when I walk to the
lady's liking the ladies were there they meet
there she thinks that nobody is listening to them
because they are anonymous and they dispatch
there very comfortably there enjoying themselves and
being one I have
said it they had
put her in the group I don't think that
in the group they had put it somewhat not to
one side I was waiting for the
urine that is ordering food and is
in the parking lot at some stand
but I don't care if it doesn't enter the
spaces of that girl I entered
many times
because I bring you appear to me
above and I entered many times
nothing happens but I entered many times
on time but I was not seeing the level the
level of today
and on top of that
with all the shamelessness of
having me they know that now there is no
illness left less mental they have gotten involved
if I have studies they have not insulted me they have
defamed me they have told me that if I
have threatened them that they are tomorrow we will see
and on top of that with the owner of the space with
everything she knew about it and says that she is not going to
allow me to belittle the
category that the people of her
space have that many people would like to
have the level that she has in it
let's see if it was because of Tania
once and for all we see the space today I think we are
not going to see it because it has been an
hour then we will see tomorrow
calmly to see if she does not delete
it because like that or to pull her balls out of incredible passion but the little shame that these people have, I mean she was there saying all kinds of nonsense but then like that I don't know the offended ones the level goes down the low level says oh Loranca but in the step of said go to the level
here of low-class people
because they offend them that they call her Ramona and
silencing me every time I said
Ramn like that I am Ramonas
because  of Ramn
Carrillo who do not have the
important way and it is nothing but they understand it
perfectly but they have much more
habit of giving evils to karma, I will make myself
clear to them because they may have
been behind the headlines this one on
YouTube suing another for harassment and they will not have
realized that it is a lawsuit for
honor that Antonio vila has filed 19
lawsuits for honor and has not lost it
even one Arroyo Carrasco la Vila filed 19
lawsuits for the right to
119 euros were apart from the one for
abuse apart from the family I think she
filed 19 that they have filed a
lawsuit against me for the right to honor if she and
Gran Plana also filed me or I mean you
file all the lawsuits you want in
78 years when we get to the Supreme Court we
will see from what you pass but of course I
imagine they will have put them like that on Google
to search but let's defend my area I
would be crazy I tell you but what does it look like
finally to release that as
if the vigilantes brought me out I have had
conflicts and fights with many people on the
internet because they have also said
things to me
concert many people don't understand it's
your job it's on the internet youtube
where is youtube on the internet you have to
write very objectively that everything I
know costs on the internet to then
take it to your salt ceos and do it your
way and that is something that
apparently they don't get to understand yes but
then they do understand insulted
current wants to know the grapefruit
they do understand and enjoys she
believes that apart from not being very anonymous that it
is pepa you
are in a space there with 200 people
for the end of your the hour that right now they
have 200 people when she comes in I don't know
if she told me and they go that there were like 500
600 people during the debate how do you
see that you are anonymous okay that you
are anonymous and I am anonymous people
but you are in a public space where there is a
lot of public because even if there are 50
40 people and there is a lot of public not to
put your hand
30 to 40 people
already a lot to defame us and apart from that
then they leave it uploaded on twitter and I have
seen space many times of these people
recorded that they have two thousand three  a thousand
views
what are you going on
what are you going on to another other of the things they've
said about what it
has no content
and ca
n't make more videos
television is so much
for
Marta's risk this afternoon due
to life everything I've done
I left half of the topics every day
because incredible everything I do but they
are arguments at the level of twitters
retweet I was still sharing I
'm not saying that I
was out of envy
Javier that I missed it after
lost videos but when I got in
and meditated
the video is complete if I want it
appeared
I put a comment it
existed before Antonio David on
YouTube
interview before the interview and you
meticulously broke down the entire documentary
of the TV factory and apart from
interviewing him I
interviewed him euros play what a million bs
Antonio has seen
tell me about your life your work life
like YouTube what do
people have to understand like that your work life
like YouTube
that you ask yourself and I told him before the
space 13 14 hours a day while we
sit down to watch spaces we to
take content from spaces in the of the
ramona the one from ramona and little else
well I don't think I've ever heard
of the spaces no no no
and well but apart from that let's see that
people have to understand that their work
on the internet and your work efe
but no
because I ask him what
disrespect I have done to them and if not what are they it
is clear I know that they are sixth facts to
literally it is not the behavior they are
like
I have
never seen that this summer a
space of pathetic that no but if I have
said sixth I am not referring to
patricio of sect we have said it this
afternoon here alain knows but I tell you what
I have asked them what insult
the fact that lack of respect to
theirs speaker to the glory
they have said and has
admired the word sect what it
means and that is not an insult it is a
definition and fanatic of someone who
has a unique idea like
that to a certain before a certain
issue and that from there they are not going to get out
but not of kidnappings and it seems to me that it is
necessary if it has been necessary
enrique car and the other
heart attack
and what they
do all
the videos because he does it the
boy  They approach Juan with all
the love in the world it will sound and also but it
's that you had already exposed those videos
a week before the videos that he made
before the VI of Carlota Corredera about
Javier of Kiko Hernandez 2 are mine
that is not going to be possible anymore consultants the
streams have plagiarized the facts
consumerism
defends the man
the issue is that you have
literally deceived man nobody makes
fun of me I am others u2 see
if he has thought about the one I want
again he is thinking that I am like
others youtube the other characters on
tv with whom he has found me he is
wrong
and he tells him people
envied losing many followers see you
later from Mama de Chile he will continue to suck up I would
not continue a
good part apart from that see you later see you
later in case I want to keep the ones I
had before this
Rocio Carrasco thing started the meals always
from stars good food the BMW Pepper
BMW I had it in the vehicle I had
before the
Rocio Carrasco document started so if he wants them to
leave  all and I'm keeping the ones I had
before to
say bmv with you arrabal with the other
with the other similar well
now
I have a second hand car
that anyone who
has a job can buy normal cold
it seems that they buy a car that a 2017 car
in short that
never fake I am very happy with
everything I have said still in the tip
for example the one that represents
one who speaks through the mouth of the blue tide
and as one of the
like
no one loses fanatics a kiss Daniele
until later that he goes
out nobody I would like
everyone to stay but that everyone stays
understanding comes here and not
being a fanatic but being
stupid and closed-minded and why they are going to
come it can be then I would
like everyone to stay
but if they have to leave because it
hurts them a lot that I will come the truth until
later or rather but what I tell you today I have
seen that one that surely will have
sent Anton had to say it the same
as he sent him yesterday about posing tweet he had
said something like that you do not pay
attention to that I have seen many times  how it is being
manipulated I have seen many
times how Antonio Avils asked for
peace between them 12 yes of course he
still came to want there to be peace like
a group set up for him he is the boss
and I am in charge here and what we
said before you don't have efe
seven years
or
so I mean if I have to get along badly with
Juanjo it's who the [ __ ] will fall on us then so that
he comes to the siege if I don't pay attention
to my mother he will come to tell me
who I have to take with no so that so that
you so that we unite
for your fight that it doesn't make sense it does
n't make sense and he if we get along
but in private
Alabama
I can't put my hand in the fire
for what he has said now about me I never
send screenshots of things that he has said about
me and here we have lived the mockery that he
made of me with that thing in Madrid
that we would
do
a
nine hundred but no but I don't know if there
were people
that I don't know if there were people even that
began to give signs so that so that I would
buy the ticket for dad and that thing with
Maria Patio Clara that  mule live
that you wrote to him
and I have the guasa
all the good that I have pepa is that
I don't delete anything I talk about
with people I have everything saved and never
never
vilely
that he said yes yes
but he told me yes because we have
seen that already apparently what
happened I have already been catching from one from the other and that
later in other live shows more
listening to the jokes apparently he did it
with people making fun of each other they look at me and
warmth and this for me
in Madrid
where they sell Thal rum
for half of half the price than in
the nineties and I show up in Madrid
direction and we have a video in
front of 34 thousand spectators so that they
laugh
with work and what can happen to me with
the road for 2000 little because in a
hurry I lose the video of being with
my children that the so much is about my children my
children damn well I go to Madrid
to cover the news because he was
sending me and it turns out that later on Saturday
joking around in groups of doing that
what  type of person is what type of
characters and what type of people are
those who are supporting that
also has one thing
that I have told you in private and in public you
are very trusting and I will always be
because my condition
when a person makes me feel sorry as a medium the one that
also public that when I
send you the costs commitments of the
person
in which the mandarin yes but that you will see
that I am like that and then I catch you in
a heat and I tell you no
longer here nobody comes and here I do not mention and I do not
collaborate because then for example today I got
angry because I am not going to tell
things with YouTube there are people who are
too much in my wake and there are people who
copy too many things that I make the law I do
not like one thing that you with the idea
of your thing is but well they are two
expensive ones from YouTube no and I get angry and I
tell you at the moment already ski does not collaborate
with anyone and does not mention any other
YouTube and did not help any other YouTube
and in the end he ended up helping someone else
and you know what happened and
tomorrow another one will come and give it to me again you
understand but that  that's it, in other words, in the
end, the one who wants to treat is the one who does
the evil and in the end he gives people reason
with these types of things. With time,
time is wise, time is wise and
all the people who are there
will come back
and I will laugh, okay, but in the end,
apart from the fact that with this he is proving
many people right, many things they have
said to them about television, he is proving them right
with this that he has done to me, to
make fun of, giving it to me, they are not
evil things let's see what I have done to you since I have
done to you so that you make fun
of me and send me to Madrid, horny, dowry
with the other one
but apart from the interior, the one who
because he thinks he was inferior
comes from
save me where are you, heart of a
raffle of
good and would continue on save me, very funny
one day one thing he did was from channels
with whom he had been channels
exactly but to me it comes out I know because
in one of the live shows he said,
being
the way they have worked in
recent months, the way they have to
work in recent years, crushing
people, it's like forgiven, I said it
one and forgive the way it has always been
and your senses are working with
them being them like that and you being a
participant and collaborator in that
and I'm going to make a reflection that I don't know
if people will like no if
operation moon has been going on for so long from
now on don't get involved in that but so that
if everyone knew it well I don't know I was
impressed that there was for padilla but it's that
maybe we don't know what they
can know about the law and also people already
know
but I didn't go into that that it
is more than what it counts is what a
cycle will already fill and they danced
as if Haiti giving me the law so that
I would start listening to myself so that I put my
hand in the bottom I can't put my
hand in the fire for what they've told me
that it says about me and for everything well to
tell me I believe the majority of things they are
telling me I believe them and so on but
what I do know is what
I have lived and what I have what I
know that he told me that he wanted to make
water he only wanted to be from the channel
today
in your live in the previous  I
hope that the people of our land
because it is very like
while you have it on the channel it is
recommended and apart from that it put it
green below me that is why I was outraged with the
condolences he gave the condolences what I tell you I do not
care if you had given
the condolences for me I do not care I do not
tell you anything because you have
never said anything bad to me about the game
you understand but that he is saying that
I see a person in Malaga being
one thing and then the next day on
YouTube
friend a hug love for god
to other things that are additional
patience and if now he says that he does not
tell it, let Juan Jos tell it, let's
see Juanjo is the one who has to
tell it, qualify what you have to
qualify that I am what you lived and there
the subject
in first person we are
a hand from my face, I am
going to tell you that
at the time
the bastard saying that I enjoyed it because of
course
because he plays lower at the moment
for me it was good like a take out
down you know what it is but then the truth is that
here I had not given it to you
yes of course  but it doesn't make sense it doesn't make
sense that you don't make sense it doesn't make
sense that you're seeing
that I'm fighting with the other and
I'm defending my positions my
position is done this is direct with the
interview and you
in private with me say the same thing and
then when you're watching from half the
internet you're crushing me because
half believe me and the other half don't believe me
as is logical here it's the word of one
against the other because he doesn't come out and
say either to a live stream of mine not so much
that he watches all the live streams because he sees
what Avis is saying only in 35
minutes to say that what he's
saying to Javi is true that things
are like the ones counted Javi ordinal
because he wasn't interested because
maybe it wasn't true
also the salt things
because on the other hand he was telling the
other something else exactly and well
people can have double standards double life
double talk
and the intention is that sooner or later
[Music]
exactly
but in the face time in the end
is putting him in his place exactly
time in the end is putting him in his
place and that decision is not either
a previous person
how many times in my life but knowing him
lobito a
maker yes it is true that he loved me that he
was a guy more like me that he loved me was
in a different way you know the truth
sincerely I am happy for something else and it is not that's it
but that I am going to go after
him nor am I going to call him to blame him nor am I going to
join Carlota Corredera now or anything like that I am
simply going to see and I
am going to comment objectively on what I
see that I have to comment on and it will be what
something I think right now it has
arisen because I am criticizing what he
is doing with Marta that what they are
doing the 21 shows and points
are going well
today Marta has gone to Viva la Vida
for me she is
Viva la Vida
and well she has said that the
ball is in the court of
[Music]
although yes and she will answer them on Wednesday
in the magazines
man
to answer on your channel they are not going to
answer it
this week
this week I have not done because I could not
do well
well that anyway how
great it is that my dad is walking no
in the end I tell them I mean let's leave it
there it is and tomorrow will be another day let's
go  let's leave it and tomorrow will be another day
you know it
seems to me that the subject went on a little longer
and something came up a little bit the subject like that let's see
I have a
quiet little thing here today
we stay so we
are a little bit of the chile I have
a little thing here that we are going to listen to from
Dallas
that he sent me but this is not known
that Paulo sent me Paulo there is no
demand one click
and now the video that is going to
send does
not open for me air the video that is going to
send does not open for me
why
seriously deactivate it here
no I do
n't know what the problem is
or rather put mobile heard well so I'm
going to put
that it is over here there here it is over
here may here everyone is
saying la maica la maica
by katy today is maikano
everything is shared also you and
against me you will have realized at the
time without wanting to or something
wants to fight me where it was and it is not
marcano
where it is that I have to be
us because
sent his step and I don't know who sent it to me
I don't know who sent it to me I'm
going to see if I can put it from Dallas on
the mobile because it has  sent air I don't
know who sent it to me, they
won't have noticed that it's
for Paco. I saw that you shared
a rag more seated like a kick in
a little in the [ __ ] because on top of that it
caught me at the powerful moment of the afternoon
and I put something in fact he didn't put it
long in fact on twitter
[Music] he
sent me there of a Clio and the one he
was talking about the channels to the sky
for which I don't know why it doesn't play it
's the egg of the camera that is alive
or rather it moves up and
down as it pleases I'm
going to see if I can put it on my cell phone
and even if it is we listen to it of course
not
because by the way there are in fact some
very nice designs for the street of which we are
going to put it soon those of you who
are watching this youtube subscribe
please the ramonas have trampled me
today the ramona sends a beating and
wants to sink me I know that you won't
let go of me in the hand
here we can listen to it
here we can listen to it she
is reading a message from darla on
screen she
is reading a comment
[Music]
but diaz
[Music] I do
n't know what he's talking about here
no no no I'm depressed he
has two skilled ones like Maika
but if I give the JCE to everyone and that no well I think it's
giving him more attention
than he has excuse if he offended you he
won't pass the gun don't worry nothing's
wrong daughter
then I put it sincerely I put something
like I don't remember it was something like
you keep keeping this to yourself and
look at others how they are sinking like this
because it wasn't supposed to be
like if Mike more or less thinks the
same as me
inhabits just answered Maika okay okay okay okay
nothing's wrong nothing's wrong
right there's no problem do
n't worry it's just
that he's not reading them something
on the screen that a comment that I
think they're criticizing him for something
late or I think his
work is disastrous it was done by
computer scientists who worked for him yes of
course and then but what I don't know
where the comments come from that they
are reacting to because he has
a big comment on the screen that
seems to be criticizing him
okay
Maicon sent me audio but but I'm going to
put it okay
a hub  and I'm sending you an audio that you can
hear better because I haven't retweeted it because I have
n't shared it, but I tweeted
that I had surpassed 45 thousand
subscribers, so I was close to
50 and a lot
of people started commenting and among those comments there
were people who told me that
if Javi calm down, all he does is
mess with Antonio David and I put
a heart in all the comments so I say,
well, if I
don't put a heart in that, I say, well, it's also
going to be paying too much attention to the
subject and on my channel, just like many
times they leave me insults and I put a
heart in them, you know, but if it offended you, I
apologize, but that's how I am if you go
to my channel, Abencia, they tell me things and I
put a heart in them
for not paying too much attention, don't worry, don't worry, it's okay, let's see if you accept me this afternoon, if I felt more like it, I'm not going to lie to you because on top of that, I caught it, it caught me at the moment, point,
at the same time that they just
sent me the other likes and then  I
said damn
but that's it no problem he's
referring to the channels but
too much he's referring to the channels
but they are let's see when
[Music] I do
n't know who who he has challenged in
debates he talks about Ricky ere not
Riccheri no I don't
know but well the debate topic is a
topic for debate but the debate topic is I
think that when I think that when you
make videos about someone that it
's true that you are not under the
obligation to do it you are not under the
obligation to
attack them debate but man if you are
beating someone up for a long
time
a large majority of the time a month in
fact and they are challenging you to a debate so
that you make all the arguments
face to face and can be refuted
is to accept it no
at least I accepted it because I
was there at the time that today I
see those debates and I find it ridiculous
too I say it that clearly
I was completely convinced
that I was right and that I had enough material
the laser lens understands me and accepts the selection many
videos a thousand videos but debates no and there
I already did it like that because  by the way they recently
sent me things about him not a
tweet that said something like because the
hub and after he wanted to
sue me it's like he thinks it's not going to reach him he
thinks that the glasses that I'm not going to
give him the ball publicly because I'm done
giving ball to people who look for my peak
to
get two thousand more views than he has you
understand me it's over it's over
but what's going to come will come to him and he'll
see it you
know but it's like
those who delay them to debate
oh what do you think of him
well well
[Music]
lately he was eating up his
errands with Dallas and Out Air and
company
what do you mean if you've seen that he
has a lot of views and all but I haven't been
able to see the videos
honestly I couldn't see the videos the
only one I saw I think it was I think I
also saw it live it didn't
leave him dry I
think it was I do
n't have time to turbo if it's true yes
but in the end the debate is useful
also I challenge them to debate I challenge them to
debate and the author in the end said
no
and it's that the debates
if my personal opinion is
there  that accepting it if you are talking
about a person you have the best is face to
face
the most interested us
content and from there and you see no
videos edited is not the same because there are
cut routes that a video the other
carries it the other for here a piece I
handle that face to face that has the right
to reply and to defend yourself to explain
things well
the author put as a condition to show I do
n't know what sentence if it is or not to accept it
that is the same to accept it but
well that's it
I imagine what
their reasons they have to accept it
but select that is here it is being
criticized Dallas strongly
actor
Dallas is being criticized
strongly ok
but in a plan let's see strongly neutral
can I trust you in your
measuring stick neutral
by the strait I do not think it is like that because of
stress I think it is because of everything that
has happened and why
a little bit the ray no
well
also I do not know if it was the Chinese what
changed there the little torque of the
powerful Dallas of 2019 2010 and 2020 also not
to this 2021
2020 no
l three cons late
explode I don't
know
but honestly I liked the one
in
2019 2020 more has the d2 2019 and 2020
was defending himself on the machine defending himself
I think it's a mix between
stress and everything that has happened and that it has
been a bad combination I think it's a
goal too between that between the fact that he's
fed up and how there are people who don't
get out of the loop and where they have it
box
that already in part as if he says well I
no longer have anything to lose I don't know I don't know
why if he has to lose he could in
fact I think that I think that I
could already see clean up his image he
has slipped enough eating tremendous bytes
yes but because I really know if he
ate the puppy dance but for me he
didn't eat the Rubin dance
today he is very burned javi what a pain in the
ass
lady we have already finished with the subject of
his idol
[Music]
these of these be defending laughter
directly javi the subject is with griffin
the green snot that has  been fighting and
making a lot of fuss for example with the
issue of acne and the south in
particular that there he ended badly with
Dallas for being from Osh in fact he had a
debate with Tito and brought up things but I
don't know what you're talking about he says what
the
well it seems to me that this example that he
is posting the apples and such
is not very good we
would have to see what clip he is referring to
because maybe it is true that there
may be a click that you say well
but this one that they are posting
has nothing to do with this one that
will also happen to see some video that I
say click that he is putting to
cross here no but there are other clips
too
time for me is very important I
mean if you give me a click from the year
of course you are going to give me a sack but not
from 2016 2019 2020 maybe
also
because based on a series of
events or things that happen to you in
life you can change opinions and
things in point of view we just
stayed flipped out with Antonio David in the  in the
last few months in the last few weeks we've
spent a year standing up for him
when nobody believed in him,
surely now you take my videos of
Antonio David and he turns me on, I
mean all the opponents are giving me
a good sack, it depends, I think that when
some hypocrisy is shown or when we
fall into hypocrisy,
for me, for example, an example has that
issue, I
mean,
as uncle explained, a good sack, for
example, is a good sack, for example, it's
when the hosting thing,
like the ghost in thing, it's very good
because because the hosting thing is
precisely the same person,
be it with Ari, with Juan, who don't answer,
something about Sal from Dallas, the hosting saw it well
at that moment and that he didn't
respond and that they weren't responding because they
were
avoiding the
approach and the conflict,
okay now, for example, if you give
Dallas a click
like
Miley Cyrus, this one that they gave him that they're
giving him a lot, other days of SAS
here, yes, because if I were the boyfriend, I would
give him the encore, the host, I [ __ ] on the [ __ ],
that click, I think it's like 2014-2015
but there are also clicks from months ago and if
when you are m if you say something
based on imagine I give my opinion when I want to
defend a friend, I give my opinion on something and
justified something and now I
criticize another person for the same thing because he is not my friend
because I can't see it there if you have a
good example to know but for example
this example of miley cyrus I think it's
from 2013 2014 2015 the [ __ ] video like
how to mutate from
2015 no way and I would say that 2000
is because of that house of giving eta
I would say
2013 14 like
and apart from that he
has said on many occasions that
that click disgusts him that it is
unjustifiable that he regrets it that he
has no way to justify it you
understand me or rather it's from 2013
if that's how you take me and if I had recorded
2013 then there are sacks that are good
with clicks
landscapes that are good with climates and
others that say well I'll [ __ ] myself if you take
me
if  you take my video from 2006 to make
videos of mine from 2016 from 2009 it counted the
stream of live shows
with two streams of live shows and it counted the
stream of videos that I make let's
see if someone starts digging through the
contradictions that you can get out of me you
know but day to day there are
some that are as good as the one I
told you about, I mean the one about
defending something there because there he was good
with wang and there he saw well the casting
and he saw well that juan didn't want to give a
rejection directly to de's face
because he wanted to avoid conflict
and nevertheless he got angry when they didn't
give him the rejection for the color in the afternoon or
clear for me that would be worth it karime says
karime they also showed a clip
pretending she wants to hit an
artist from dallas yeah let's see
the thing is that the thing was that
what the blond was saying was
[ __ ] it was a joke okay it was a
joke
that's the point it's not to compare or
anything because in the end neither of you
are doing anything  Bad, do you understand me? Now,
in the thing it was that it's a joke that
anyone can make,
that we can all joke that I'm
going to hit this one or I can't
stand her, she's
too green
[Music]
csc
that's the same thing when I justified the
fairy for being a lawyer and then they
told him I criticized him for the same thing, it's said
nothing's wrong, I'll
try not to fall into those mistakes again,
not for nothing, I love them very much, but I
mean, right in my job,
take it is that you get along with Juanjo
now when he was throwing it at CMS
because that's a real sack, he had an
understanding and an understanding
you have an understanding and an
understanding
this is still a slipstream that is left
here, the previous issue, not that we have
dealt with yet, that here it was a
take it out, nothing to do with it, they don't understand what they took out, what's wrong with
that, that we have been
fighting and then we have
spoken again
because that is taken out but it is not the Lordship
spends the whole [ __ ] day saying in the
comments,
about to now criticize this one, but the
other time they criticized me for playing, he speaks
to you then because it didn't enter them  the
debate on uncomfortable questions well I
tell you exactly the same I should have
accepted it
just like yes it's true what Ricky said I
had to accept debated
Manrique
and besides it wasn't like a topic of
his personal life if one wins one
wins the other debate who won the most if in the
end we are going to entertainment for
us and hey to listen to opinions
no and discussions no
and then he doesn't want me to tell him anything
javi what do you do and you find wing
chun London gay
is very big in London
very big in London
if there is a situation that doesn't fit another
you can try to be professional try to get
out of it with professionalism as it
already characterizes me no I had not added
to the roll no in fact one of the
rules when you enter this type of
series
is that you do not create a bad vibe of course
obviously
there are people who comply with it people of dwarfs
but yes they have invited me I do not the
road the truth is I am going to be there to have
fun the three or four hours of HD
was burning
but I think that I think
London is very big
throw it away the music is
worth it
[Music]
special is
also there is read and  I don't have any
with me because I've made a couple of videos
but I don't have anything anymore
what's happening is the criticism because he gave
Sur a star
look at the rest
of 2013
is ecclesiastical taken on other occasions and
he has said that it disgusts him what he
said in that click in speech would represent
today he knows
the thing happens the point is not
hypocrisy or no hypocrisy the point was
that he wanted to give it matter yes I think he
loves him because I think he's saying
that right now no to a joke from the blond
who was nothing he will
want [ __ ]
what strange [ __ ]
you have to carry a topic that says that
well what about Zellingen
that well not about Cellini Sur
has aged
ah he has gone away he said something like that
well about Schilling and Sur how
Sur behaved when he put the extra and
Selling no that what you're going to say that he
almost even apologized to me
[Laughter]
[Music]
well why the whole evening of Ibai and
I am not a hater channel of Dallas is
talking about the internal channels no  I'm
not me, I even appreciate him,
okay, we don't have many relationships anymore, let's
see if we have good relationships,
more talked about a little, but it's all good,
but we're not the only ones, we're not friends, we
go hand in hand, we
're not boyfriend and girlfriend, we're not boyfriend and girlfriend, but I appreciate the
guy
for many things,
honestly, you see that objective, not
Rubin or harassment of Wind In, he
has responded in a mocking way to things
that she has done to him
and she has not felt harassed by the
blond because they found him at an event,
Rubio chased him, don't be mean
about the rugby thing, I'm sorry, but no,
there's no way to throw a cape,
Lauder, there are already several videos, including
today's, he's looking for you and Dallas to
get into conflict. I'm glad
you're moving past that situation, handsome, or
also the one
about the Ricky Gervais debate,
but I got into the video, why do
I move on, I mean, I'm not going to fight with
anyone, I sincerely am not going to go to
one extreme or the other,
Nivia is at one extreme or the other, I'm
always going to try to be the best in
the salsa scene.  make it
understood if I have to criticize something
from respect for what I will do but I
will never do it let's see that I understand that they do
n't have
personal issues and everything they want to have
but that I, I, regarding personal issues, by the way, you
understand me
and now better one day he can get mad
at me it
can bother me I don't think that is the case
because the truth is the way I
say things there is no reason to get
upset, he understands me but it does seem to me
that with what I do not agree, I am
neither one extreme nor the other, he understands me
I want to be the best at what I do and to
be better at what I do, I give them the runaround on the
subject that is the objective in the camera it
has me up to the guy's [ __ ] it
looks very pretty but man, it doesn't take these
still things it moves on its own you
are already the best at what you do, you know, thank you
very much
and
simply at one extreme, in the other
shot, I mean, I'm going to try to be as
fair as I am with all the characters
on YouTube,
I got along with it, I spoke to them, I
have more appreciation for him, to have less appreciation, there
was no lack of respect, nothing, me, for
example, in all the blond, this makes me
catch what I think that Dallas by
egg wants what the
same thing happens to the others as
him, being called abusers and being called I
don't know what believe me I don't know how much
to know what it feels like and he should
get over it now
and maybe he will say I mean if it is very
easy to say that they get over it or I mean win
how much with everything that has happened he has to
do it okay and when he has to
defend himself he has to defend himself
in the same way that he did
in 2019 in 2020 because it was going [ __ ] great
and the thing is that we had like 4 [ __ ] the
people who were still in the same loop of
messing with Darla and being people and
hating him and [ __ ] us here on this
channel we have had
the Dallas haters
as memes because literally what was
left were four [ __ ] who
were sick with the one who doesn't understand me
and now he's putting in a couple of
bacaladilla he
's putting in a couple of cows but oh well
let's hope he recovers from the slump  and I
just want the truth
I want to write down
powerful things you know but if right now
the powerful one isn't there so I can't I can't do it
you're putting the hustler
respect okay
yes
of course
[Music] what he just
said is very
important for his point of view
because that's what makes him angry is
that people still the vast majority of
people or at least he believes because I
think that people are at least here
what I perceived from here or at
least the people who see me yes we have
empathized with him in the sense that he sees
what they've done to him how serious what they've
done if we put it in his shoes
but he feels that people have not
understood and have not comprehended what's
happening to him
and he feels it okay or so here what he
's telling us between the lines is that
people hate me because I criticize
channels that do questionable things
and it makes me hate more
grabbing whatever it is even if it's no longer
something like pedophilia or abuse whatever it
is they make me hate more
than those people who do questionable things that's
a little true we have
talked about that many times it is the double
standard
when it is Dallas who does things
so as he is already considered quinquio
people emphasize more and then maybe he
does something
serious that cannot be cancelled and since he is more liked it is more overlooked
and I am about those to
know that I also do not tell you now
if now there are for all there are because of
the cold of greve it
is true even many criticize something
that Dallas does when they themselves
do it every day
tell me examples
tell me examples of things that someone
else has done
but if he does it give them we read them we talk
where sometimes it is not the one who is him
in fact there are many times that he exposes
things from people who say your videos of
the cars and I the thing about the cars of the
children of Andorra
the cars of the children of Andorra
to me that seemed like something that
the whole [ __ ] internet would turn on
and I do not wish anything bad on anyone
but strong if the thing about the chocas for example
[ __ ] it is the thing about the chocas for example
the hypocrisy there
was incredible the double
standard that even Frank costs  that
talking to us he said it and he with
Dallas you know that not
about crashing but well the thing about the
witness cars those of the children's cars
these from Andorra seeing with the car like that
for loving the streets that man that that
to cancel him do
you think Dallas doesn't have multiple
accounts I think not I
would bet no I do
n't see that style
just like I don't have them
I would say that no it's that
if he says it
getting used to it is like making a wine see and
what the game over consists of in how he
says it without a doubt Dallas is powerful
in those faults he is going to be a
person running and here I have it
but you are like without a doubt sometimes
powerful the way he says things but
Dallas fails a lot in that using derogatory words I have
said it many times too that is what I have
said many times that many
times he has very powerful videos and
very powerful arguments
and he takes away value with some ways and I know
that he sees the ways justified because
he says but it is that he is a person who
has treated me like that because a person who
mistreats already but marries more honey as I do
not always say it badly they marry more
mouths with honey that with vinegar
for example the topic was and the topic was I
if instead of having used that tone
and those little words some of others that
some little thing was left over go up to bring
more people to his ground and ibai
did this to me it's day more prepared the
video with more compilation was going and did this to me this this
and this
as I did
the public people the public
the community is made up of haters of the
channels that are not the channels this
well we are not going to name ourselves but these
channels that look for and start to
please the people of their public
and they go taking the laser that takes the
people and they make a puzzle to make the
videos in a puzzle with what come
the comments and ricky the ritz and the
critic is the I don't know who is worth
those people make videos suing that
community that are the little community that they
have
lamentable
that audience hater of dallas it
's not because it's not because of what
dallas is saying that it's not that how I
make videos that we like the videos
because I criticized that no no no those people
are that public they are because they are
sick right  site we have to
differentiate the use if the thing about the
puppy remains from believe that if the thing about the
ruble remains we criticize we laugh they went down it
broke without truth
I can criticize the names I can
tell you left to which you are being
of the wind and not
the left the fence bike is something of mine
with it I hope but but we are without
malice we do not have the intention
of destroying him
and of stepping on his head and sinking a
flood behind him criticizing because hey
because he has done something that we are doing well
bites we do not agree with what he
says whatever but they are like sick people
true
to tell in the comments and they are like they
have an illness with him
[Music]
for who thinks that goes let's
see if you think the same as me that
before came I licked my balls he
said
no nothing for nothing he does not go
by the south I do not say that I think the
same well I what to think but that he goes
by the south he goes by the south no no it
gives it no
the big wave coming in oil and tons
of sande followed in roll but in plan it will
pass or something
Nadal has defended that a lot  He really goes out of his way
for him, it's
not because of the South, because of the South era, the
South had a time when he was super bread, I saw him
upload excerpts because Dallas had
entered the chat and I could give him the 4
messages in Elche, he would upload that excerpt
as if it were a trophy and then
the South also dedicated a time to uploading all
the Dallas anime, there
are 16 hate, I
don't watch all the live shows, all the
excerpts,
what I'm saying from here to the South and
South,
make up something that I can copy from you,
churra, I've already seen you uploading the 8, you've
also made me black
and it's really something,
turbo, it was also bread and wine but not the same. Let's
see, I've seen this in the
South,
what a swell it is, and I've seen some
comments from him
about the crash
[Music] I
understand that he has his own
personal sting, maybe
Javi Tule, copies of the scripts, Asur, I,
the thing about the scripts, you stupid dick, whoever
posted that, I did it once or twice or
three times with air and now he hasn't just
asked for anything again because it went from me being here
reacting to  a powerpoint that I didn't
even prepare myself
and I have it there just in case
someday I don't have time to prepare it
then I ask for it but I rarely
ask for it
so don't tell me nonsense
because I'm the one who brings things up and
then
pulls my tongue and I don't want to
fight with anyone
I'm the one who in turn comes to see
my love go up in a jar on twitter to
share the videos come on via
direct upload and finally meters from your nose it's
good that people are inspired by
xavi the puny and he's skillful and beires
because the work partner is also how
handsome he is I'm good today he always had at
least debated mandalas
those in space aren't finished yet
place the serious one
take care of him they say some stupid airplane
totally totally it's that
precisely today I can't stand even one one
of the last three from the south threw
beef at dallas well yes with
sharing that video in which he's
making a joke the one with the red wine that he
hit her no
but that's a criticism there's
nothing wrong with that
I avoid any comments
look at one so  it comes to my head
quickly easy is the whip
michu video it is very well structured
strong
come on don't [ __ ] with me there
was that text that she is a
convicted criminal it is in the video already but good
time that was to expose what was done that
he also made a joke that he would
hit someone I do not understand the click
so I declined seen the
full video but the click that was about that
but in the end the blonde is
[ __ ]
there I do not agree with what
Dallas did in the blonde and do not go he
changes his mind again and what I
think no he clashes
so much he pulls a pull man I understand
that giving the bet a
strike
that I do not see well I am totally
against the strike and he is too
and aside whatever it was you support that they
put an extra on twitter for a
photo of a thumbnail that is already to
throw himself on the ground that is not made a
video there
we will talk about the 2 javi well I just
uploaded the main one talking about the oven
so they looked at them now when
we finish
this comment he has gone south but
come on 100% it  I identified that I know the
story
the thimbles those of you who are fatal
because they know that outside of their script it was
made it is being
endorsed by the debates that
no one accepts a debate
we have moved the Davis but I think I do not know
where he got this clip
but the recent one the recent one is
talking about a blonde
[Music]
well nothing
[ __ ] javito in out he threw channels
with strike we did not get to throw any
channel with strike 6 I have put some
strike so I do the opposite of
course with what I put
this year
that I remember I have thrown is to bring a
chick who uploaded two or three of my live streams
in full that I wanted to delete
and then strike for criticism does not sound familiar to me
in a family of steel I would say years
even and many times I am
tempted but you can not do it
autelsi with the girl that she author
strike
is that we cannot throw extra
in the first thing because it is an unwritten rule
but it is that Dallas thinks the
same as this I do not know why the hell they
start throwing strikes
and less to twitter to things on twitter that would
be it was like a mother
no well we cannot put brings because
we make a lot of content that is
using third party excerpts and
criticizing I don't know what
so no matter how much you deflate the eggs
that you understand the temptation do not put
an extra point and to no one because then
when they put it to you you are not in the
power to criticize anything
at some point everyone has done it
nothing happens now but one thing one moment and
another thing does strange things
but well this is what dallas has thought
about this
when
but about the salt channels it was heard I understand
that he is referring to the
channels
I have seen pollo pan out already for the
south
and taunts for what are the communities
of channels especially small ones the
community is of the channels but about
which we have faced so much okay I
already say or I mean I
have appreciation for it I cannot put you in
many things that you do but that
are things that I do
not have where to take it and that's it but
things can be said in one way or
another there was no leaving the tele space before they
delete it I'm going there but I'm going
there but now
and if they are small channels because it
affects them man see that you run into the
the dick always affects those
small channels and that little one with
saves don't put the best is someone
who is telling you nonsense since
5,000 visits 5,000 visits are 5,000
people
how do you put the space I am entering the
space
I am entering the space but I can't
open it
you can open the space
but the same thing happened
apparently he came and said that they are
telling me that this time and in the space they
are getting together to throw me at the
channel
you are from 2018 how many people like that have
started throwing me channel
listen to me I can't enter the
space you
can't open the space you ca
n't reproduce
now now it does
have forward they are but Roco I do
n't feel sorry for the
good ones we already saw everything about the
patricide and everything you achieve that I am I
forget or I swear to god that I
forget everything I had to say well
let it go
yes of course you are not going to be
here
complete
300 or 400 our horns that surely a
girl is there because the one that
follows let's
see  nacho polo
that there is more,
personally, here in matheu I
tell you, he seems like a great psychologist,
said something that my daughter has someone who stands
up for her because she was a
flyer, what interests her, I am increasingly
clear about it, that is a little
fanciful, I fear the feeling that he is
playing and download it obrador now in
case he deletes it because it really seems
very sad to me that women lend ourselves
to that cost of talking about intimacy, I did not
sleep with him, let him withdraw a
little because then he gets beaten up for
defending him, so this punishes him, he is
punished by himself and he is not going to be
there,
flying what interests him and feeling
of guilt and saying he would have said something
about his face for her because it gives one thing we
receive you is that he is good or he is an
idiot because you do not defend shofar my
idea that damaged by his family they are
blaming him, he compal they say that they are
colleagues of his, it is such a crutch that I, I do
not know what the hell has happened from yesterday to today,
make him continue that Antonio David
has to do the explanations in the BOE
first  that people are
happy but let's see what the [ __ ] are you
defending, personal life or
injustices, there are people who
still can't get their heads, it's that to
this day after a year I really don't understand it,
no, neither do I, I
swear to you, for the blame I sprinkle flowers that it's
over, that they are not stories that
the man, or rather after the
gasps heard in the name of my son
but I have the futer or I don't
say them, he seems to me a great
psychologist, I
will have to look a little more but that
can
also be done in the one that analyzes
a couple of days because I was in Valencia
and it rained on me, that can be done, that is
not Javi, this one is not true, no,
no, the space they have deleted,
pass from lahm, delete it, they have deleted it, they have deleted it, they have deleted it, they were
throwing us the hour of the week but they have not
deleted it, they have
not deleted it, abhisit they have deleted it
if they have deleted it
we are at 11 and here it went up 1 of
April 9, they have deleted it,
I am getting into the profile of the
girl that the ministers and they have  deleted they have
deleted it I don't
deserve identity
9 bershka and tremendous teo
the anb now they will have deleted the idea the
ideologist of deleting it was the PAC and for
you I didn't want the AM to delete or not of
course
if it is tremendous luckily you
record it let's see I'm going to try something
I have recorded here for an hour but you can't hear it let's see let's
try to solve it okay
for melo tree sending it to the computer
as if I have it recorded we're going to
discount it it does
n't make any sense
you almost fell javi they are
going to let you get paid
putting them down no no it will do us so that I can get
paid putting the flours so
that I can get paid listening to how they have put me
down he
is the god
I hope I find the space no no the
space is not there the space for Andorra
the space has been deleted I have the
link to the space here
says 1 javi oliveira comes from failing
in you know
where he was the most followed because he was the
only one you
can claim it on twitter I can
claim it on twitter
and that it is taking a long time to move to the
computer  he has
like 40 minutes left and if they don't
wake up it's going to be that no
juan you can do it now I bet you a tweet
saying I want to thank all the
creators in capital letters all the
creators of SEO salt content
big and small because thanks to
your work effort and dedication
we can say that the end of the
TV factory is getting closer every day
on the one
hand he's leaving we already know no
and he's throwing [ __ ] at people
[Music] he
's throwing [ __ ] water at people
because they say what's going on that the
most dangerous rooster in the
henhouse has gone crazy I'm not going to do anything I've
heard how Antonia asked me both to
get along many times to
sell us the motorcycle I have everything here in
the tests
I have the test here I don't sell
any motorcycle
I am the motorcycle
says people are saying what
portrayed and they are showing him at what
moment in space it is believer has been
portrayed at the moment that
people break it they cut it and tell him you
have no content
how regrettable towards the filter space
that they have deleted it let's
see well try to send it to me by basso  it
came in smoothly I'm
not going to delete it on my phone just in
case I can transfer it to my computer okay
really the YouTube comments
aren't appearing here in the chat it's
true
javi I have a small part
recorded quote I'll send it to your email of
course dude please javi oliveira at
live.com send me loya
now please send it to
me they've
deleted
the embroidery you put the
space here and it says the space ended but it does
n't say like always when you put
play now
plan deleted
your body continued because it makes me
laugh a lot well
nothing I do
n't hate you're going to send that to me it doesn't matter if I
don't get it back the space we
believe you don't get worried about ramona
but I would have liked to put the piece
especially
especially there's a part where he
silences me and everyone starts insulting me and
everyone because there was a man also a
ghost clown things like that I
take this opportunity to say he has seen you and
subscribes me buy and I'm excited that he said hello
well greetings greetings to
unity I don't see a complete man but a
hug I love you always I loved you and I will
always love you let's see what happens  a
piece to the computer let's
cross our fingers let's
cross the others it's
happening to us it's happening
but you didn't have it recorded that I
missed with the cut I recorded an hour
but on the phone at least you can hear it
I'm putting the recordings it can't be
heard
so I don't understand why it said
recorded
Javi you have the sound for sure you should
deactivate the screen speaker
is that if I have recorded
because it can't be heard when I record
YouTube videos with the capture
that no well
what 9th that no no
first you hear no no
but because the space has been recorded
because with screen recording of course
I record with screen recording I have
recorded pieces of YouTube videos and
without recording audio
why not why not
ah I ca
n't turn up the volume the microphone
while this sounds it doesn't sound anymore I have to
buy a device that costs
300 bucks so that the microphone is heard
louder apparently they have told me it
could be the format
although while you use the microphone it doesn't
record
why is there
but it is already clear that if they have
deleted it it is because they are hiding something already already already I
know that it is clear but man, if
a few good laughs listen to
things
record screen it is isolated it is that I am not
complete
with 30 euros the solving of the
volume of the microphone an external sound card
but to say that a sound card already
has
what you have to buy it is with a
blue piece sometimes they sent me an email they are going to
give an email to see if it is someone
that I think has told me that they have a little
piece
the email is not going to arrive
now now audio space of twitter
two minutes nothing more
at this end
we ask for turns people raise their
hands and we go giving a lot of fault if you don't mind
we let you finish
and you can talk what you want whenever you
want
here it was one of the times that they had
silenced me okay
here it was one of the times that they had silenced me you
do not have to buy a cloud filter
to send me what I have to buy
buy send me the method of purchase
bmw
this is one of the 100 times that I
burned myself they silenced they are saying no to
these that some rules you have to raise your
hand this was the first time that opens
silence and silences me at every moment
here moment it has
been hot they have deleted
the deleted how embarrassing it is but
let's  see them
thanks
check finish look
javito I'm going to say it here to a
friend who says that the dwarf flames
look at the lie look at the liar
have you heard
look at the liar javi I'm recording the
rest I'm going to try to record the lowest
quality but it will take a while but because
saulo has it
where are you watching it saulo
because you have it
saulo but because you don't have it I have
passed a link it's only worth 30
the shaman give it to me send it to me I didn't even
dare and please
because some record what they hear
life this is what the liars say the ones
who don't slander look
check finish well
look javito I'm going to say it here in
my bed friend what he says that the dwarf
flames
a very effective name okay it's
called
because
dad you
call them something very very derogatory
ramn I
call ramona because I'm an ace ramonas
I'm derogatory
a friend and the lie yes yes yes
when I was on the call suddenly they
all passed by from spending the whole [ __ ]
night saying that I insulted that I
insulted the people who give me money
when I was there they went on to say
I have not said it, one said it, the
companion said it, that she is not
lying, she
was lying, her
name is she has
lived in how they have told you and I respect
the space a little bit, what is it that has
electricity, let's see, give me, give me the click
where I have called someone a dwarf, dwarf,
be it when we have called
someone a dwarf here,
a companion and it was almost more and
if they were expensive, they were expensive,
the typical ones that you are going to see
at the PSOE rally, well Jorge Rojos and
[ __ ], there is
no click because there is none, well, take it, he
tells me, ask for the time, ask for the time and
you respect and now he asks for the click as if
I had to make an appointment and then a number
at the clinic so that he will send me the
click where I am taking nothing to
someone, they
ask for respect but they do not apply it or not,
but the thing is that here it is not enough to record the
part, let's see if this boy who is
recording what he is recording, let's see if
with a powerful part that they
all put on, he silences me and starts
eating me up with insults and
apart from respect because they are
Ramonas, they are Ramn  as
because
here are the eggs
because if people know if you enjoy it they
have nothing more to do than see your videos
[Music]
so easy send me a click so
people that people if people want to
know that I insult only have to
see my videos come on then get into one
and tell me when if that's what I'm
asking please send me a
click where I insulted people
lack of respect a lot
I had become
[Music]
to get in it's
over do you
hear me I
said that there are some rules just like
you don't have the calm of microphone
recording
my
life beautiful
now I love you more
and how embarrassing it
is to those ladies of course you delete them
but well we have the whole thing let's see if
tomorrow we can have a good piece to
see how well powerful
shameful done this is the beginning
only
karim those are some ramn to what is
dedicated to that space and they have 200 300
people all night
they showed you when they were interested all
the time all the time I have it
recorded on video and it is at every moment and
look here the video is playing
look
here
that I have  you see this red well this is
every time I moved to look look look
and the reds every moment look look
red red red red red red
a good while another red red red red red
red
every time you see the role of jumping
age ping ping ping
all the time the last idea would be
to insult me
how shameless how
shameless do not
worry let's see if tomorrow this
kid recovers it uncle I mean she has
her space there she
has her space in which
the debate with fried eggs that they
threw at me if I have them downloaded but it is
no longer appropriate to upload it
from this previous theme of 2018 2019 it is
not going to be for me to rekindle a flame that I do not
want to live
and all for his beloved Antonio there is no one who is in
this group of this fact the
question is that you insult Antonio David
also because they also listen to them they
criticize so much in life in one of the
times that I was inside
but be the thing that she has to go to
her group from putting to defame and
insult to sack
and I have caught them with the
ice cream cart  it's like suddenly you're
there watching your tongue and it
reaches the person of the rip and you have no
way to answer
and unlike the one who won the owner
of the owner of the space no but the one who
was with her is like that or shameless and
cocky to the max
but let's go to the max that it be as I
can sue her as there is weight and
sidepar before sue her to see if she is so
cocky in front of a judge and spending the
money on a boga
and paying me then for saying that I that
threat
will be forum members do not go through the a
are ladies who have discovered the
internet now or whatever but that the
but that it can't be like that you have to have
respect they are expensive they are expensive but you have to
have respect but it's that
the sentences that they are inventing
that I lack respect while
she has in that chicken coop at that level
but man let's see if they send me
another clip
but lacking the level it has been repulsive
uncle
bieber has been the lowest
of the lowest and then they had the
balls to get offended because I  I said
about the level, you
have to see that many would like to
have the level that they have, so
scary,
scary, well family, I'm off,
goodbye
tomorrow more
[Music]